there's a series of tracks here
and this is a Wolverine how can
I tell size of the track you
know that's a big damn Wolverine
Catholic means Wolverine an
Eskimo the river was named
because of the amount of
wolverine on it only a porkchop
goes after Wolverine with the 22
so what I think i'm going to do
is I'll get home one grab the
30-30 and do the rest of the
perimeter with a 30-30 I don't
want to go plan for Armageddon
but this is a little 3030 a
little bit more band but I did
see a really large Wolverine
print more than one set so I'm
going to feel more comfortable
having a larger caliber rifle
with going and finishing out
more of the perimeter
no rest for the weary was that
the wicked